add --ip to podman play kube (#10043)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-play-kube.1.md

If one or both values are not supplied, a command line prompt will appear and the
value can be entered.  The password is entered without echo.

#### **\-\-ip**=*IP address*

> Assign a static ip address to the pod. This option can be specified several times when play kube would create more than one pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assign a static ip address to the pod. This option can be specified several times when play kube creates more than one pod.
```

Author: done
